fix(a11y): final fix for WCAG 1.1.1 image alt should describe image content accurately (#17)
scottrigby/basekamp-next: content/events/teaching-artist-union-and-school-future.md

title: Teaching Artist Union and School of the Future
images:
  - src: goldglugo.jpg

>     alt: "Gold metallic sculptural text spelling School of the Future with 3D letter forms and organic openings"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    alt: "School of the Future logo with 3D metallic letter forms"
```

  - src: smallgluegun.jpg

>     alt: "Minimalist illustration of hot glue gun tool in black and white drawing style with yellow background"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    alt: "Hot glue gun illustration in black and white drawing style with yellow background"
```
